Review of the Getting Started content (#404)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/introduction.adoc

= Get started with Neo4j
:page-layout: docs-ndl
:page-theme: docs
:page-role: explainer
:page-show-home-link: true
:page-hide-nav-title: true
// :page-disablefeedback: true
:page-toclevels: -1

[.cards.selectable]

== Explore the capabilities of graph databases

As a property graph database, Neo4j is beneficial for both traversal performance and operations runtime.
Learn more about the product and how to start working with your data.

=== What is Neo4j

[.icon]
image:ROOT:icon-neo4j.svg[]

[.description]

> Learn what is a graph database and how to use it in your projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn what a graph database is and how to use it in your projects.
```

[.link]
xref:whats-neo4j.adoc[]

=== What is a graph database

[.icon]
image:ROOT:icon-graph.svg[]

[.description]
Learn the principles of a graph database.

[.link]
xref:graph-database.adoc[]

=== What is Cypher

[.icon]
image:ROOT:icon-developer.svg[]

[.description]
Learn Cypher, Neo4j's graph query language, and start thinking about graphs and patterns.

[.link]
xref:cypher.adoc[]

=== Import data to Neo4j

[.icon]
image:ROOT:icon-import.svg[]

[.description]

> Read more about the several ways of importing data to your Neo4j graph database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about the different ways of importing data to your Neo4j graph database.
```

[.link]
link:{docs-home}/import/

=== Model your data to Neo4j

[.icon]
image:ROOT:icon-csvtodb.svg[]

[.description]
Discover strategies to model your data and to improve your workflow.

[.link]
link:{docs-home}/getting-started/data-modeling/[]

=== Create applications with Neo4j

[.icon]
image:ROOT:icon-code.svg[]

[.description]
Run through detailed examples of how to integrate Neo4j with your preferred programming language. 

[.link]
link:{docs-home}/getting-started/languages-guides/[]

=== Data science with Neo4j

[.icon]
image:ROOT:icon-gds.svg[]

[.description]
Learn how to use Neo4j Graph Data Science, a library of graph algorithms for analysts and data scientists.

[.link]
link:{docs-home}/getting-started/gds/[]

=== Visualize data in Neo4j

[.icon]
image:ROOT:icon-dataviz.svg[]

[.description]

> Learn how to export your graph data in Neo4j for display as a visualization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to export your graph data in Neo4j for visualization purposes.
```

[.link]
link:{docs-home}/getting-started/graph-visualization/graph-visualization/[]

=== GraphAcademy: Neo4j Fundamentals

[.icon]
image:ROOT:icon-graphacademy.svg[]

[.description]

> Enroll to Neo4j Fundamentals course on GraphAcademy to get started with the technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enroll in Neo4j Fundamentals course on GraphAcademy to get started with graph technology.
```

[.link]
link:https://graphacademy.neo4j.com/courses/neo4j-fundamentals/[]

[.next-steps]
== Keep exploring

Here are some recommended resources to get started with Neo4j:

. link:{docs-home}/getting-started/reference/graphdb-concepts/[*Graph database concepts*]
+

> Learn the fundamentals of graph database and how to transition from other types of database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn the fundamentals of graph databases and how to transition from other types of databases.
```
